# **Bellabeat_Project**
Hi, 
I would love to welcome you in my very first data analysis project, being the analysis of the Bellabeat user pattern of activity, sleep and caloric intake.
I have made this repository in a way that you can repeat the analysis by yourself with files found here. So let me give you a short tour through the Bellabeat-Project repository:
* [Bellabeat-Project-09.11.2023_files](https://github.com/DomGoi/Bellabeat-Project/tree/main/Bellabeat-Project-09.11.2023_files) contains all the diagrams and plots generated by the ggplot2 package in R Markdown project, this file allows for their visualization in github document generated by the R.
* [CSV files](https://github.com/DomGoi/Bellabeat-Project/tree/main/CSV%20files) is the collection of all the .csv files generated by the SQL commands on BigQuery server, which I have used for the data cleaning, transformation and preliminary filtering so that all the data will be in a proper format without any abnormalities or corruption. Aditionally this file contains notepad document with all the query commands to recreate the analysis from the original data.
* [Plots](https://github.com/DomGoi/Bellabeat-Project/tree/main/Plots) as the name indicate this file hold all the plots and diagrams made in GoogleSheets program in .png format, which were later embeded in R Markdown file in the text (I have also tried to embed them in the code chunk, however this posed later problem during pushing the R Markdown file into the github repsoitory).
* [Spreadsheets](https://github.com/DomGoi/Bellabeat-Project/tree/main/Spreadsheets) here you can find all the spreasheets from the GoogleSheets where I have carried out more general analysis regarding daily activity, daily caloric intake and number of users in each data set as well as division of the data sets into categories mentioned in the Bellabeat product description
* [Bellabeat-Project-09.11.2023.Rmd](https://github.com/DomGoi/Bellabeat-Project/blob/main/Bellabeat-Project-09.11.2023.Rmd) is file which main goal is to show you a code I have wrote in R Markdown so that you can recreate or simply check it (for transparency of the analysis)
* [Bellabeat-Project-09.11.2023.pdf](https://github.com/DomGoi/Bellabeat-Project/blob/main/Bellabeat-Project-09.11.2023.pdf) is the .pdf file of the main analysis which suposse to be the extended report of the data with all descriptions and insight into the data while also providing summary at the end as well as suggestions for the marketing and improvement of the user expirience
* [Bellabeat_Project_Full_analysis.md](https://github.com/DomGoi/Bellabeat-Project/blob/main/Bellabeat_Project_Full_analysis.md) finally this file pose as a full analysis of the data sets of the Bellabeat users, with introduction, desriptions of undertaken actions to obtain final results. I made it while having in mind to show my thinking as well as walk you through the analysis. I know it is pretty long, however I wanted to carry out thoruogh analysis which would provide more insight into the user behaviour leading to improved suggestions in the end.

  Hopefully you got a brief idea of this repository and how to navigate it. In case of any problem or clarifications do not hesitate to contact me.  

   **Have a good day and happy exploring!**
